If you are willing to consciously sell nothing
A waste
Then I can promise unrelated people in the room
I'm not lucky to marry them
This is our last chance.
After a moment, the scene was restored
Not even this last chance
No, if you are conscious of the divine vein
The Valkyrie you have painstakingly studied all these years
The body of the God of Wealth will disappear
The power of the gods will also be gone
Yes, once judged consciously
Not even the last hope
Don't trust him.
This is not conducive to suicide
Absolutely not.
It's come to this point, what are you still hesitating about?
Do you want everyone to die with you?
Hurry up and call him wrong
Don't implicate the rest of us
world demeanor
Hahahaha interesting
This scene is so wronged
This is what you just fought so hard to protect
You look at them.
I don't seem to care at all